Overall doc review (#366)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/tools/spark.md

[Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org/)
is a data processing engine designed to be fast and easy to use.

Spark can be used either from [Databricks][db_example] or Dataproc, and works
with data stored in BigQuery.

> The [BigQuery article](../cookbooks/bigquery.md) covers how to access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [BigQuery cookbook](../cookbooks/bigquery.md#from-spark) covers how to access
```

[Spark Best Practices](https://robertovitillo.com/2015/06/30/spark-best-practices/)
for tips on using Spark to its full capabilities.

Other useful introductory materials:
* [Spark Programming Guide](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/programming-guide.html)
* [Spark SQL Programming Guide](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/sql-programming-guide.html)

### Reading data from BigQuery into Spark

There are two main ways to read data from BigQuery into Spark.

> #### Storage API

Author: r? @akkomar for changes to this `spark.md` file.

Reviewer: r+.
I should revisit this when we'll have clear plans for the preferred execution platform.
